Improve documentation when building with podman on non-SLE host (#61)
SUSE/container-suseconnect: README.md

`zypper` within the container after the build, because the secrets are not
available any more.

### Alternative when using podman as container runtime

> When using `podman` as container runtime, you can add the following lines to `/etc/containers/mounts.conf` (when building as `root`) or `~/.config/containers/mounts.conf` (when building as regular user):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `podman` as container runtime, add the following to `/etc/containers/mounts.conf` (when building containers as `root`) or `~/.config/containers/mounts.conf` (when building containers as a regular user):
```

> When using `podman` as container runtime, add the following to `/etc/containers/mounts.conf` (when building containers as `root`) or `~/.config/containers/mounts.conf` (when building containers as a regular user):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using `podman` as the container runtime, add the following to `/etc/containers/mounts.conf` (when building containers as `root`) or `~/.config/containers/mounts.conf` (when building containers as a regular user):
```

```
<path_on_host>/SUSEConnect:/etc/SUSEConnect
<path_on_host>/SCCcredentials:/etc/zypp/credentials.d/SCCcredentials
```

> No further change are needed in `Dockerfile`. This change is already part of `podman` package on SLES host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No further change are needed in `Dockerfile`.
```
